### Author: Justin Mourfield
### Date : April, 28, 2018
### Title: chapter 20

1. A delegate is a reference to a method. essentially a delegate references the same place in memory that holds the method but is an object instead of an action. 

2. You declare a delegate by writing: delegate returntype a name for the delegate methodnameDelegate(); a delegate can only lump together methods that have the same "shape" in terms of return type and accepted parameters.

3.you create an instance of a delegate by declaring an access modifier the signautre of the delegate and then the  name of the delegate object. you assign the methods that will be delegated to the delegate object by using the += operator. or if youre only delegating one method you can use the method as an argument to the delegate object by using the new keyword like this: delegateMethod = new delegateMethod(methodToDelegate);

4. you invoke a delegate in the same way you invoke any other method.

5.An event is something that is triggered by either an instance of something happening that is important to the program. 

6. you declare your own events in classes known as event sources. You declare them similarly to fields such as: event//this is a keyword delegateTypeName eventName // 
public delegate void StopMachineryDelegate();

public event StopMachineryDelegate MachineOverheating 

7.delegates recogize event subscriptions in the same way that a delegate recognizes what methods it works in place of. you unsubscribe using the -= operator. same as with delegates. events are of delegate type so they are able to absord methods to be executed when the event is raised. 

8. events are raised in the same fashion that methods are called. such as MachineOverheating(); 

9. once an action takes place that would trigger an event such as a user clicking a button or the temperature of machines reaches too high, the event is raised. the event is hinging on a specific "thing" taking place. once that "thing" takes place and the event is raised, the event executes any code that it contains, such as multiple methods. since events are delegates only one method may be called but it could include various other methods. pay attention to whether the method is a delegate or not. 