### Author: Justin Mourfield
### Date : April, 29, 2018
### Title: chapter 21

1.SQL commands provide high level descriptions of the data that the developer wants to retrieve but does not indicate exactly how the database system should retrieve this data. LINQ provides syntax and semantics very similar to SQL but it is far more flexible and can handle a wider variety of logical data structures. LINQ can be used on data collections and databases whereas SQL can only work on a database.

2.LINQ requires you to use datastructures that implement the IEnumerable interface. this is important because it decouples the logic of the query from the data collection so they do not rely as heavily on each other.

3. the select() lives within the enumerable class.

4.the query returns an IEnumerable of strings named customerFirstNames and the first names are selected by using the select extension method on the customers class, the lambda expression states that cust is a variable to be used to hold the value of what is returned by cust.FirstName FirstName is the column name within the collection. so customer.firstname is specified as the target of the operation, the value held within cust and these are the arguments that the select method uses to return the string that will be saved as customerFirstNames.

5. the query returns an IEnumerable of strings named usCompanies. the values within usCompanies are populated by accessing the addresses table which is aliased as addr, the where clause uses a lambda expression to execute a method of searching the values within addresses. if the string within the country column or the addr table equals United States then the select extension method executes by selecting the companyname from the aliased usComp is an alias for the type of each row in the enumerable collection.

6.the query returns a IEnumerable collection of string type named companyNames. the addresses table is accessed by the orderby method which takes the lambda expression of addr property CompanyName. once the method of ordering is specified the information to be ordered is selected.

7.var is used because you may not know the type of the objects that will be selected for the IEnumerable companiesGroupedByCountry. addresses invokes the groupby method and the parameter addrs contains the values of the Country. we can assume the results would be of string type. 

8. the IEnumerable returns an int value named numberOfCountries. addresses is the selected tables and only the countries that do not have duplicates are selected, then they are counted. 

9.customers table is aliased as c, then the columns firstname, lastname, and companyname are specified as criteria to be extracted. the last column (companyname) is the predicate that is used to join the second table (addresses). addresses is the parameter to the lambda expression custs=>custs.CompanyName. this is a separate lambda expression followed by the specification of the addresses table being used as a parameter to select companyname. custs and addrs is then used as the parameters to make the resulting IEnumerable.  

10.It means that the lINQ command sits on the heap until it is needed to be enumerated. so the command is loaded and invoked but it will not actually executed until it is iterated over. in between that time the data can change but the changes will still be presented after the iteration is complete without having to reinvoke the LINQ command. a static cached collection is where you force the evaluation of the information which is then stored as a "snapshot" of that information. any changes that take place after this forced evaluation will not be present in the cached snapshot. 