### Author: Justin Mourfield
### Date : April, 30, 2018
### Title: chapter 22

1.Associativity is the order in which the operators are executed. Precedence is the order in which the operators are executed. 

2.binary operators take two operands such as 8*8. binary operators mean they require only one operand such as a++.

3.the five constraints on the operators are:
-you cannot change their associativity or prescedence
-you cannot change their multiplicity (the number of operands they require)
-you cannot invent new operator symbols
-you cannot change the meaning of the operators when they are applied to built in types such as int
-there are some operators that cannot be overloaded such as (.)

4.to overload an operator you use method like syntax and include the return type, parameters and the keyword operator in place of the method name followed by the operator you are overloading. all overloaded operators are public static and a return type. the constraint on parameters are that at least one of the parameters must be a containing type (a type capable of containing the other parameter such as a string can contain a char.)  

5.A symmetric overload is operators that contain methods for swapping the order of parameters. i.e. A+b // b+A it is poor practice to only include one version of an overloaded operator. 

6.Not directly, but if you have overloade the binary or unary operator then the compound operator will implement this change as long as the parameters are the same as the declared overloaded binary/unary implementation and the value type is being added to the containing type but not the other way around. 

7. Overloading increment and decrement operators is written in the same way that overloading normal operators is declared however they can only have one input parameter and you cannot incremement reference type variables because when you make a change to their value, it is automatically updated and there is no copy to overwrite or make a change to. it would be like adding 2+2 over and over again because the value in memory is 2 and its constantly being overwritten. the change to the data must be defined within the body of the overload and a new object has to be created to hold that value.

8. Some operators come in pairs because they need an equivalent opposite such as != and ==

9.a widening conversion is a conversion done that can expand the amount of information contained. a narrowing conversion means that some information may be lost in the process of the conversion narrowing can also throw an overflow exception such as would be the case for long to int.  

10.implicitly meaning that its automatically done. explicitly means you must create the conversion.