### Author: Justin Mourfield
### Date : April, 30, 2018
### Title: chapter 23

1. the two reasons for multithreading are to improve responsiveness and to improve scalability. responsiveness is affected in multithreading because some responses do not need to be waited on to complete. Scalability is affected because you can make efficent use of the processing resources that are available and use them to reduce time required to execute an operation.

2.Moore's law states that the number of transistors that can be placed on an integrated circuit board will increase exponentially doubling every two years. the relevance of this is that more transistors means you can pass information between them more quickly and chip manufacturers would be able to produce faster and more powerful microprocessors at an almost unrelenting pace enabling devs to write more complicated code that would run faster.

3.The System.Threadig.Tasks is the container for multithreading.

4.tasks is are a class that run a block of code. the tasks are scheduled and executed by using thread objects and the ThreadPool class. 

5.The threadpool class implements a number of optimizations and uses a work-stealing algorithm to ensure that the threads are scheduled effectively. the threadpool is a waiting place for threads to take place.

6.The task constructor is overloaded but expects you to provide an action delegate as a parameter. an action delegate references a method that is void. because the constructor is overloaded, the action method delegate accepts <Object> input. 

7. A thread is started by using the Start() method. 

8.The start method sets the task object running whereas the run method creates and object and starts it. 

9.Tasks are not split across processors. Parallelization means the tasks are ran at the same time because the task is spread across multiple processors.

10.manual cancellation works with a cancellation token by creating a cancellation source object and a cancellation token. the token is passed to a method that can be cancelled. the method performs a check on the token value periodically. if an event takes place or a parameter is met that qualifies the token value being changed to true then the token is passed to the cancellation source and the operation stops. within the method that passes the token, code should be written dictating what to do if it is cancelled. 