### Author: Justin Mourfield
### Date : May, 04, 2018
### Title: chapter 26

1. The MVVW allows a graphic design specialist to focus on the visual appearance of the UI by crafting the view, the data specialist to optimize the  data structures for storing and accessing the data and a developer can direct their efforts towards implementing the "business logic" or functionality of the app. 

2. The model provides the data used by the app, the view represents the way in which the  data is displayed, and the the ViewModel contains logic that connects the two by taking user commands that perform business operations on the model ad also taking the data from the model and formatting it in the manner expected by the view.

3. Data binding works by allowing the property of a control to affect the property of an object. if the control property changes that information can persist to the object that it relates to and vice versa. its a one way street unless explicitly written otherwise. the property being changed by the control also has to have a mechnism to signal the value changing (INotifyPropertyChanged and method to handle this event)

4.The ICommand interface contains the CanExecute which returns a boolean value indicating whether a command can be ran. Execute which runs when the command is invoked. and the CanExecuteChanged method which is triggered when the state of the ViewModel changes. under these circumstances, commands that could previously run might now be disabled and vice versa.

5.DataContext is the source of all entities mapped over a database connection. It tracks changes that you made to all retrieved entities and maintains an "identity cache" that guarantees that entities retrieved more than one time are represented by using the same object instance.